chore(releasing): Prepare v0.44.0 (#22192)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2025-01-13-0-44-0-upgrade-guide.md

---
date: "2025-01-13"
title: "0.44 Upgrade Guide"
description: "An upgrade guide that addresses breaking changes in 0.40.0"
authors: [ "pront" ]
release: "0.44.0"
hide_on_release_notes: false
badges:
  type: breaking change
---

## Table of Contents

Breaking Changes:

1. [Clickhouse Sink `skip_unknown_fields` changes](#clickhouse-sink)
2. [File source `ignored_header_bytes` and `lines` fix](#file-source)
3. [Some VRL functions are now fallible](#vrl-breaking-changes)

## Clickhouse Sink `skip_unknown_fields` changes {#clickhouse-sink}

The [skip_unknown_fields](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/clickhouse/#skip_unknown_fields) behavior was changed:

- `skip_unknown_fields` is `true`: enables skipping unknown fields (overrides the server's default)
- `skip_unknown_fields` is `false`: enables "strict" mode and does not allow skipping unknown fields for the request, (overrides the
   server's
   default)
- `skip_unknown_fields` is not set: follows the server's default

Double-check your configuration and update the setting per above.

## File source `ignored_header_bytes` and `lines` fix {##file-source}

> When sourcing from compressed files, `ignored_header_bytes` will no longer look at the compressed file's bytes (which would include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sourcing from compressed files, `ignored_header_bytes` no longer looks at the compressed file's bytes (which would include the
```
